so I'm really hoping that third time's a
charm with this video but my name is
Megan and I am here today to ask your
opinion on five new pairs of glasses
from the word Parker home Tryon box
currently over the Tenley's our torrid
Parker over the summer and I love love
love it I love their glasses with our
customer service the quality um their be
corporation aspect of it there's just
there's no reason not to love over
Parker um so like I said I'm wearing the
ten leaves in the burgundy fade I
absolutely love them I didn't know any
glasses until got home from New York I
live in Colorado during the summer for
the school year and went to that doctor
and realized I had a little problem and
for driving in long days on the computer
so it needed to be taken care of so now
were these not every day but a lot of
the time and I thought why not get
another pair for variation um style of
course and I also got a pair sunglasses
that I've been looking at were the ten
life everyday in the sunglasses and I
was like well why not add some variation
in my sunglasses too and what better to
do it than Laurie break your home Tryon
kit so I'm gonna show you those I'm
going to start with the Sloane in the
striped chestnut all right let's see I
don't love these I'm not usually
typically a fan of glasses that go
straight across especially to use that
dip a little bit lower I love this color
this color is an absolutely great color
but maybe the requests for me I don't
know
alright that was number one number two
is the Duckworth's um in the marine
slate and I did not realize how much I
love this color it is beautiful it is
such a gorgeous blue um it goes great
with my eyes kind of goes with the shirt
I'm wearing today mecca's I don't
typically like glasses that go straight
across but I like feet they have a very
unique shape to them I'm sorry about all
the Claire's
um my lighting keeps getting darker as
each video fails to work so I like these
are definitely on the list I think that
they go with my eyes they go for my
skintone they fit my face nicely they're
not too wide um we don't touch my cheeks
all right number two so then we have the
Mallory's in a gimlet tortoise I've
never been a fan of gimlet doors um
Kimberley pêche of eat see where who's
bond and not pale but she is my skin
tone kind of um she has these and she
pulls them off but I just don't think I
can do it um I I do like this shape I
like a shape a lot they might be a
little wide but then again I like him uh
I don't like the color um but I also
dropped in in the blue marble wood which
is another beautiful in Parker color I
love the midnight blue but sometimes
that colors just a little too much for
my face but this has some nice
highlights in it I'm which you could see
better in the other videos but you can
see them there's these light blue
highlights and a little bit of yellow in
there that really they just kind of pop
a little bit and these are very similar
to the ten days so the ten legs have
more of a cat eye but and then they go
out but these they're definitely rounder
but I still like them so I definitely
think these are on top of my list with
the dark wood I realized I also only a
five minutes because tumblr only uploads
five minutes video so I one night so
he's been begging I've been wanting John
Lennon making Ashley kind of look and
this is a very modern twist on it and I
love the Begley since I worked there
someone told me a very about old
personality and some addicts you Dubrow
wear these and I think that I think I
can do that they also come in a gray
midnight blue and a lighter and more
orange tortoise by luffy's I think
they're definitely on my Christmas list
so I don't know so I told you my
favorites why don't you tell me yours
message me comment on this post I would
love to hear your opinion also remember
that I accept face submissions
I've already helped a few people out and
I love to give opinion on suggest frames
opinion on what fits well with your face
your shape um shape of your face
colors etc I love word Parker as I
mentioned and I really believe in their
company so also good salary Parker I've
discovered this weird love for
eyeglasses
so yeah message me alright I have five
seconds this Megan Timlin miss Megan
Touma calm and throw it on gun signing
out